What kind of music do you like?
What is your favorite sport to play?
Where were you born?
Do you have any pets?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
Can you play an instrument?
What is your favorite YouTube channel?
Which cartoon character do you wish was real?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
Do you have any hidden talents?
How would you spend a rainy day?
Who is your favorite superhero?
What is your favorite line from a movie?
What is the most unusual thing in your school bag right now?
What is the best gift you have ever gotten?
What is the bravest thing you have ever done?
How many books did you read this summer?
What is one thing that made you laugh recently?
If you could ask your favorite celebrity one thing, what would you ask?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could invite four famous people to dinner, who would you invite?
If you could visit any planet, where would you go and why?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?
If you could trade places with a character from your favorite movie or TV show, who would you choose?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
What do you think makes a good friend?
If you were a famous person, what would you be famous for?
Would you rather play sports or watch them?
Would you rather live in a world of legos or a world of cartoons?
Would you rather have a pet dinosaur or a pet dragon?
Would you rather live in a house made of cheese or a house made of cookie dough?
Would you rather be a mouse or an elephant?
Would you rather be invisible or be able to fly?
Would you rather live at Disney World or Sea World?
Imagine you discover a beautiful island where you decide to build a new society. What is the first rule you put in place? 
If it was raining meatballs, would you eat them?
If you could pick 3 animals to put together and create a new animal, which animals would you pick? What would it be called? 
If you could be any emoji, which one would you be?
If you were a superhero, what would be your superpower?
If you had a time machine that could only work once, what point in the past or future would you visit?
If you were running for president, what would your campaign slogan be?
If you had a TV show about your life, what would it be called and who would play you?
If you had to create a nickname for yourself, what would it be?
If you had a robot to help you with school, but it could only do one task, what would it do?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
Why do you think we sleep?
What is your favorite game to play?
If you could play with just one toy this year, what would it be?
If you could invent anything, what would you invent?
Why do you like being a kid?
What is your favorite snack and when do you usually eat it?
What is one thing you would like to learn how to do and why?
If you could win an Olympic gold medal in any sport, what would you choose?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
If you could have any animal as a pet, which one would you pick?
Would you rather be invisible or super strong?
Would you rather be banned from all computer use for a year or not be allowed to eat any desserts for a year?
Would you rather go on an African safari or an ocean cruise?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals or control the weather?
Would you rather spend all day in a math or reading class?
If you could give one gift to every single child in the world, what would you give them?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
If you could only eat one food for a whole month, what would it be?
What is the longest word you know?
What is your favorite jellybean flavor?
What is your favorite holiday food?
Would you rather spend all day studying one thing you love or do really easy homework for a subject you do not like?
If you could be any flavor of ice cream, what would it be?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
Would you rather get three wishes granted over five years or just one right now?
What is on your bucket list and why?
Who do you admire in your life and why?
If you had three wishes, what would you wish for and why?
If you had a TV show, what would it be called and who would play you?
What is your favorite part about school?
What is one thing you want to learn this year (either in school or outside of it)?
What is something that you have in common with the person next to you?
If you could get rid of one food forever, what would it be and why?
Who is your favorite superhero and why?
If you could be any flavor of ice cream, what would it be and why?
What is your favorite thing to do after school?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What word would you add to the dictionary and what would it mean?
If you won a million dollars, what would you buy?
What is your favorite book or movie and why?
If you could keep any animal as a pet, what would it be?
If you could have any superpower for a day, what would it be and why?
What is the most unusual or interesting talent you have that people might not know about?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, and you could only have three items with you, what would they be?
If you could switch lives with any fictional character for a week, who would it be and why?
What is the weirdest food combination you enjoy?
If you had a time machine, which era would you visit and why?
What is your favorite way to relax and unwind after a stressful day?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and what would you ask them?
If you had to listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could have dinner with any three people, dead or alive, who would they be?
What is the most memorable book you have ever read?
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go?
If you could switch lives with someone for a day, who would it be?
What is a skill you have always wanted to learn?
If you had a time machine, would you go to the past or the future?
What is your go to karaoke song?
What is the best piece of advice you have ever received?
If you had to eat one cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could have any job in the world for a day, what would it be?
What is your favorite type of music?
What is your dream car?
If you could master one skill instantly, what would it be?
What is a hobby you have always wanted to pick up?
What is the most recent show you binge-watched?
If you could have any historical artifact, what would it be?
If you could have dinner with your younger self, what advice would you give?
If you could be famous for one thing, what would it be?
If you could have any job for a day, regardless of qualifications, what would it be?
If you could have any dessert right now, what would it be?
What is your favorite season and why?
What is the most underrated movie or TV show you love?
What is your favorite board game or card game?
If you could meet any fictional character in real life, who would it be?
What is a talent you wish you had?
If you could be an expert in any field, what would it be?
What is the most interesting fact you know?
If you could have any job in the world and be successful at it, what would it be?
